chore: Update changelog for v1.19.0-rc1 (#9661)
filecoin-project/lotus: CHANGELOG.md

# Lotus changelog

> # 1.19.0 / 2022-11-16

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# 1.19.0-rc1 / 2022-11-16
```

> This is the first release candidate for v1.19.0. This release include Splitstore

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the first release candidate for the upcoming OPTIONAL v1.19.0 release of Lotus. 
```
